what's up my kids, I'm Javier
Hibrida, subscribe to this channel if you didn't
know me and today I feel a little weird
because we've been like three or four days
without recording a video on this channel and this is not
so common for me, I feel like I'm
a little intimidated in my own
house, it turns out that a couple of nights ago
a very important event took place on the best's tweets channel, very
important, essential that you
see it, a debate between Dallas Review and
Revenant in case you don't know what's going on
between these two well basically
Dallas filed a complaint, they reveal
certain jokes, they reveal they call it a joke, I would
n't call it a joke now let's
analyze everything very well because in this
live broadcast, which I also watched again
a while ago, I watched it again this
morning in full to have it fresh
to give my opinion now there are many
things to comment on but well, for me to
make a summary at the top, if I were
Dallas personally I would have left the
debate at the moment the other one starts to
tease me then let's make friends
let's walk the dogs together mine  it's
not going very well but we're going to
love them you can follow it more or less because the attitude that mena had throughout the live show is like that of a typical person, he's not very mature, not like the typical high school bullying and he was laughing at Dallas in his face they talk about
things like adults like what he
intended the other one was there
laughing at him in his face and I
sincerely if I were Dallas after having already
endured the comments that he
has endured from him and after I have
filed a lawsuit, well, I am not
going to allow that joke but anyway let's
go step by step because as I was
saying the director has a lot of
things to comment on, first of all the
accusations not the supposed accusations
that they reveal he makes to Dallas I'm going to put
a little appetizer here so you can see
more or less what it was about I'm going to
put you in and I'm going to give you the
subscription the review channel
that is the period of the silver that is
the cup with potatoes and used its uses I have not
even seen in the sectors of Dallas I
imagine it will be I don't know stealing a dog
hitting  I will do or something like that does not come
out like that maybe at least for less than 18 and
rooms circulating at a lower
irrefutable evidence by axes from my
point of view for me these us
more I have done I cannot consider it not
even a black humor or a meme or
anything like that it seems to me that he
is pointing to a person as a pedophile
and an abuser it is creating a
stigma that the boy does not deserve and that
in addition he has had a very bad time with that he is
going to lose the trial for slander
because a judge will decide me who
am not a lawyer nor am I a judge I think that
this that Dallas wins this trial is
imagined or not I mean I am not so
clear it is not as strong as for example
with what happened to me with what is going to
happen with Michu because sincerely I
said much worse things to Dallas
and they were accusations like more in being it was no longer they
were like statements more I went to
many more of the line that Revenant and
wish Michu in their HD 18 video has
views well also no then this
case is not so clear to me what  it
can get there I don't think it's as strong
as mine but I don't think it's going to
go unpunished because this would set a
precedent that they imagined not
everyone could make jokes calling
anyone we want a pedophile and an abuser
so I think what I've
done is not going to work for free I repeat I
'm not a lawyer nor
am I a judge but I think what they're revealing here is that it
went too far I think this can't be
considered humor and I think
Dallas wins the complaint or at least that's what
I think the point of revenga in the point he
wants to defend is that this is smoke
that these are jokes and that's it that's
your humor and nothing happens and that it can't be
considered crimes because he's
doing it with the spirit of laughter it seems
very hypocritical to me because when they've
made certain jokes to him with
apparently with his dog who apparently
has some kind of
illness problem then it has become quite
serious it has offended and they have become quite quite serious it's that you
are you are sometimes you are an [ __ ] but
if I'm going to be look how [ __ ] great you fell for me
day I met you but it's just that
sometimes you have some things man but like a [ __ ]
monkey I mean let's see
from before
but risk they have been confirmed okay they have not
confirmed it they told me that maybe I
was not wrong because I was already
lowering the tone let's see why you
say that I put my dog's twitch
to win challenges and I don't know what crazy thing and
that I have the vet they will see you in
that it was something that I thought at the time and
you told me that no I don't have it I'm not
going to agree with you simply because you
told me that it's not worth it because I
liked you printer and all but I
had that in my head it went away so much
the idea went away a bit and all but at
no time is it your word and that's it you
know this means but let's go I
wanted to look cool string has
said they have confirmed it I am right I am
already but it doesn't say who
tells me when or anything man I post pictures
of my dog 24/7 everyone
who follows me knows it I tell you it seems to me
that he loses the judgment it seems to me that they
are accusations that by  as much as they
want to stay with the humor, well maybe
a little kid in that audience
could make fun of him,
look, he's calling them a pedophile but for
a person who has
suffered a lot with these issues, how
can he give it, well, don't give a [ __ ]
thank you. Honestly, what I
see here is that
a complaint shouldn't be necessary for this man to
apologize, to endorse that at the time he let it
go as a joke because he hasn't
had any empathy, he has been
quite selfish and he has had to, as we have
seen, each one of us hurts what is ours,
he doesn't hurt what is happening to his [ __ ], well,
this one hurts being called a pedophile
abuser, how could he not dub
anyone, under priori, no, and if hey, if
you're okay with the joke, well, I think
that it's not necessary for you to get to
a lawsuit either. I think that in the first
moment you could have apologized
because it's more than obvious that you have
gone too far. What I see here is that
apparently they reveal that he has a lot of money and he doesn't
give a damn about the
lawsuit and what could fall on him in fact
is that neither  even the
conciliation is not even taking place so he doesn't know what
a conciliation is it's a process that takes place
before the trial where both parties
try to reach an agreement then
dallas it seems that he has asked for the same thing that
all the conciliations ask for, that he be
paid what the lawyer's fees are
to file the lawsuit that he
apologizes to and this is how it is by law in all
cases of information that he
apologizes in the same medium where he has
slandered and defamed him or enjoyed it and that he does
n't do it again, I think it's
quite quite pleasant then the
other way around he doesn't mind paying what the
lawyer's fees are in fact he proposes to
pay it per country at the moment
this is barely three or four
thousand euros but what seems to be difficult for him I
think is out of pride
because it is seen that the entire audience that he
has more or less like him is not quite
immature and does not want to, like, lower their
pants and say that they were wrong and
that they shouldn't have done this
then it is seen that the apologies thing
costs him a little more work and he
throws an apology at him a couple of times during the live broadcast
that I  Personally, I
don't think they're sincere at all. If it made you feel
bad that I made some jokes
because we had that directly, my
intention of calling you a rapist or I don't know
what there is, according to what you say, it was not at all the
intention of calling you that I made a
joke and you have assumed that it is wrong but it
was not the intention of calling you that is the
intention of making a joke that I want to
hear that's it and then that's why
I ask you for forgiveness if it made you feel bad, I have already
told you many times, images that
to listen moment children
please do not call do things that
are not serious please but taking them
seriously
let me say it with levels and taking them
here here it was noticeable
this is one of the times that I think they
reveal he is laughing a little at the
situation sincerely Dallas tells him and
asks him to
reveal themselves publicly, say not to
call Dallas what they call him sometimes
and they reveal he does it with a tone that for me is
somewhat of a
joke as a
joke no children do not mess with Dallas
he has not done that type of things and you
should not insult him for  that kind of
stories that is wrong very wrong so do
n't do it ever again really don't
do like me who was insulted and you
know what a complaint would eat me
then don't do it it is wrong very wrong there are a
lot of people watching us from Dallas just
know that 29-29 thousand people so don't
do it ever again wrong very bad
Dallas tell me what your pattern is and I'll
leave it to the kids to write down and look for
a joke no
here people are laughing their asses off I
understand because it can be funny
but if we put ourselves in Dallas's shoes Dallas
is trying to clean up his
image and the other guy is laughing in his
[ __ ] face
honestly you can see it in his [ __ ]
face just making several jokes that there are
in the three hours of stream that he records or
even in the apology I get the
feeling that he is laughing at him in
his face and Dallas gets very
frustrated like very pissed off demanding
that the apology be made in another way no no I
don't want him to do it like that I want  that
the gauze and no, you can't ask him to
do them another way because for him to
receive an apology from re they will
see that they resemble the ones I tell him
or the ones he gave him for example petapa for
that the other party needs to feel
those apologies and what I see in
reveal is that he does not get off the donkey he
has a rather stubborn and
quite childish attitude and he does not feel the
apology so never in his life will he
give you a sincere apology like the ones I
could. There are many people who
blame me that my apology was for the
complaint no and I was already starting
to portray myself with Dallas before knowing that I
was reported it just so happened that I
had the complaint at the same
time but really what I said in
my apology was sincere and he
makes this apology that for me is not
serious for me he is making fun of Dallas
to his face and he wants me to take it as
good and he does not want to do them in his live but rather he wants that
with that apology they do
the live with the million that it
takes, I do not know what work it costs him
even if he does not feel it but to remove it
would be the subject on top  to open live and
say hey look guys I've gone too far with
these jokes with Dallas and these are not
jokes in this program I'm
assuming that he is an abuser and that he is
a stalker and that he is a pedophile and this
kid is
not in fact he has had a really bad time because of accusations that have been made against him and that are not true so I apologize and I will not do it again point it's super easy I don't know how a person can be so close and so proud and so childish in a way and I also don't understand
Dallas because after having filed
the lawsuit that I think he will
win that complaint I think he wins I
think he is right I think
that these jokes cannot be allowed
but it seems that in the live broadcast that the one is the one who
is begging the
other to apologize let's see if you
are the one who filed the complaint and thinks that they are
right the other one is the one who has to
worry about fixing things and not
going to trial and risk losing
because it really is
a lot of money or it is less cheap so
if I were da la and I see  that he's
making fun of me so if I were to
give it to her and I see that he's making fun of
me in these ways they're not free it's not
free that they're destroying
someone's image by saying that they're a pedophile and an
abuser it's not [ __ ] funny on
Friday or you don't understand it for
a moment it's sent connect to the headphones I could
n't hear you repeat the last one what
happens is that it's a living meme
everyone laughs at the classic and you do on the
internet and you are a meme it's the same
making a video has done the same to you making
a joke about you with a priest that
with you it's the same there
were only two edges some and some
not but you're the [ __ ] one you gave me a
nightmare how is he telling you that I
want to get a nose job crazy I have it I have it
like very chubby and then we're going to
make friends
we're going to walk the dogs together mine is
not doing very well but loving them you can
follow it more or less how can you say
you are the pedophilia meme to a guy and
seconds later tell him that you don't
call him a pedophile but  you are the [ __ ] one
got me into the nightmare there is the cmd
pedophilia
how are you the free meme for I used it
period and that's it to make a [ __ ]
gossip there you have in total I
feel like one for the balls you
report me ok perfect but you can't
go around saying that I'm calling you a
pedophile because that's lying how can you
also tell a guy who is not serious I
don't think he is a rapist I don't think he
is a pedophile and seconds later
tell him it is but my sister would not show up
and also my sister you wouldn't
like it because my sister is over
30 years old I don't believe that those
ripped abuser or anything like that
lazy I mean neither sincerely let's see it is true that maybe
well this could be a joke but it is
going to sit badly with you
Dallas having tried that my sister was not
going to present you but I mean
but because one makes sure of those things he did
not report again
now you know that he had a jocular tone
and a joke you understand the tone also my
sister 30 she is almost 30 years old I am not saying
substances that I if I were given in the
moment you're playing this joke on me
in front of 30,000 spectators I'm going to come back and [ __ ]
you man I don't know I imagine
that he wants to adopt this stance of
trying to talk to people make them see
reason I am in favor of
talking to people and solving
things whenever possible but when
we both have an attitude of giving in a
little but when the
other guy has an attitude of making fun
of me after everything I've been through and
after having gone too far
with me the truth is I'm not saying the
same thing as when for example Dallas
also made peace with two that I don't
have a control cable that I wouldn't
talk to Drone and would record a live
of good control because Drone
keeps showing me the same garbage that he
was reporting in videos a month ago
and as much as he wants to
apologize everything I've said about him a
while ago it does
n't get erased it doesn't disappear I still have
the same evidence and it's still the
same well in this case I wouldn't
act like Dallas acted so I would
give him the opportunity to apologize by
paying  I'm sure what he's done
lawyer but I have my doubts about what he
reveals I hope I'm wrong but I have my
doubts that he reveals he's going to do it because he does
n't have any attitude at all I hope
and you reveal come in the [ __ ] mouth and in these
days he uploads a live apology asking for the
apology given that he deserves but it seems to me that it seems
to me that it's not going to
happen that's what I'm telling you it seems that this
kid has money it seems that he has
plenty and that it doesn't mean anything to him because what
is added to you is in a trial and that he
prefers to spend that money
as he calls it taking off his pants that
I sincerely don't see him taking off his
pants and sucking his [ __ ] and anything like that
hey if you've gone too far with a
person it doesn't hurt to
recognize your mistakes from time to time and take a step
back I think that in this life everything is not about
pride nor that you are going to
humiliate yourself nor that he lets you
put it in you without Vaseline but damn he plays
a joke on them telling him that if he has some
mojitos he mistreats someone where he steals
a dog where  he raped a minor and on
top of that the guy doesn't want to do it in his
tweet I don't know what problem he has with
doing it in his tweet but
in legal terms and companies and so if
you have insulted someone or
slandered someone matisse fame
nobody has to apologize and
solve it in the same medium that you
did it if you did it on twitter
then you put a tweet and he did it on your
youtube channel then on youtube and in
this case as it was on his
twitter channel then the apologies have to
be on his tweet channel I tell you
I hope that reflections of vein does not even
get off the donkey a little bit and really to
see directly really what I would
like would be for the one who understands from the
heart what he does because after the
trial on top of it if he understands from the
heart that those jokes cannot be
made and that he sincerely apologizes that he
explains to his audience that
what he has done is not right because it is
creating a stigma on an innocent person that is one
of the ugliest things that
exist or that they can say to you a
pedophile a rapist of women the worst that  they
can call you uncle the most
disgusting thing think that even in
jail they reveal they hit you if you are an
abuser or a child rapist so
men give in a little
reflect on that joke and that that
joke can not be made and men if they
go to trial well I hope you all
win Dallas because if not it is what I
told you at the beginning of the video
a precedent would be created that here
everyone would have freedom
those types of jokes that for me are not
jokes to anyone and to me this
seems like
slander I do not know if it is
but it seems to me that it is well at the
end of the live they ended up talking a
little about the whole history of da la gana I
was explaining to him the complaints that
he has filed that have been archived the
issue of something marlos and so on and this
as a collateral consequence well he has
had mieres on his twitter
taking advantage of this to play the
victim again these girls really do
not get tired and there is no judge who can put it
in her head that he does not have an
abused wife well she insists  and that
she is the victim of all this and she has
posted a tweet as if to say that how
good it is that due to the harassment and the mockery
for the live broadcast that night she is going to step
back for a while and in the
response to that tweet well we have all
kinds of responses we have the allies
who say that archiving a case is not the
same as being innocent and we have people
saying that of course burning it
Melo's brother for something and so on then we have
the mother of my area quite
pissed off with these people who do not
agree with her daughter and who does not believe that
I want I think the dog knows how to love them
even here we see how she quotes the tweet of
this girl and tells her if I am a woman
problems with your exes do not contact
her prefer to take sides with
anyone who has harassed for years
because she has seen videos on youtube it
seems very wrong to me to use your followers
not to use your potential because
simply the girl well do not believe
the things that they say their ideology
I do not give a damn that she goes to my daughter's twitter
to participate in the harassment I do not give a
damn the do-gooderism is over action
reaction and here we see people
complaining no what she comments is not
harassment just everything done is not being
invented anything they are simply
demonstrable facts and in the end the mother of my
air ends up deleting this tweet where she
quotes the girl ends up deleting the
trio and also putting her account on
lock I imagine because there is something
these people are not proud of lately
because they are very impulsive I do not know if it
is because of this confinement due to the
coronavirus and so on but also well the
other day she was putting a tweet
complaining because the tweet was not donating much to her
and she also ended up deleting her
tweets I do not know they are like like they
put a tweet but then they delete it very
quickly and on top of that well they have told me I
can not post it because she has put
the lock on her account they have told me that she is
retweeting things like that they are
messing with her daughter now because of
machismo, I mean people are throwing it
in her face that they do not think about that
novel of the rose of guadalupe that
they have told that something is the brother in the
middle of marc los ositos this movement and it
is the fault of machismo people do not
believe her because of machismo and nothing until here
the issue surrounding the controversy and
nothing has done a bit of
daily bread, I hope they solve it
sincerely from the heart I say that they
solve it between revenant and dalal or
that they are friends either but at
least they reveal that he assumes his mistake and
retracts it because he has a lot of people he
has a lot of people who follow him and support
all the nonsense that he says so
there I think that in a certain way we have
a responsibility with our
followers and we have to act as such
nothing guys that's it for today's video
I hope you liked reading
in the house of the comment and I'll see you in
the next one